README.md, before:

PLOS Dockerfiles
================

Requirements
------------
* docker >= 1.6
* docker-compose >= 1.3
* curl (optional, for running the tests)
* git  (optional, for checking out missing project sources if they are not found)


Setup
-----

All the directories in the projects/ directory correspond to a PLOS project in github. The folder should have the same name as their github project. And those projects should be checked out at the same level as this Dockerfiles project. For example, lets assume you have your git projects checked out like so:

    (workspace)/named-entity.service
    (workspace)/ned-cas
    (workspace)/Dockerfiles

This way (workspace)/Dockerfiles/projects/named-entity.service/ knows where to find the source code.

If you want docker images to build for certain versions of a project, make sure to switch to that branch or tag in the source directory of the project before building the docker images.


Use
---

To build a docker image for a project, run the build script. For example:

    projects/akita/build-image.sh
    projects/named-entity.service/build-image.sh
    projects/ned-cas/build-image.sh

Or build them all with:

    projects/build-all.sh

This will only work for projects you have the source code locally checked out for, but the builder script will do its best to clone git project repos that it needs source code for.

To see a list of sample stacks that combine the use of these images see the configurations/ directory. Here is how you would run one:

    docker-compose -f configurations/akita_nedapi_nedcas.yml up

Now, in the case above you can visit some pages to see they are up:

    http://localhost/registration/new     # Akita registration page:
    http://localhost:1080                 # mailcatcher
    http://localhost:8090/cas/login       # CAS login page


Development/Conventions
-----------------------

For each project the images created for it should be tagged with a version number and with "current". Current represents the last docker build you ran. It should be noted that "current" does not mean latest.

In each image, create a file at /root/version.txt that contains the version number representing the built artificats. For example, "0.5.0-SNAPSHOT".


Docker Registry
---------------

The Docker registry is a place to host images. Images can be pushed and pulled from our local Docker Registry (2.0). If an image is there you, you can pull from it instead of having to build it.

To use our registry make sure you have configured your Docker daemon such that it can talk to our repo.

As an example, here is how you would pull a stack from the repo:

    ./registry.sh pull_stack configurations/akita_nedapi_nedcas.yml
    docker-compose -f configurations/akita_nedapi_nedcas.yml up

To see the Akita home page, visit:
    http://localhost


Tips
----

Some of our projects make use of PLOS's maven repository, and there is a different route to it if you are in network. New containers copy the host's resolve.conf file into the container. However, in Ubuntu 14, it seems this file is managed differently on the host.

To allow resolve.conf to populate as it used to I had to open
/etc/NetworkManager/NetworkManager.conf

and comment out this line:

    dns=dnsmasq

Commit message:

Removed the use of the 'current' tag. Now we use the git branch name instead.

README.md, after:

PLOS Dockerfiles
================

Requirements
------------
* docker >= 1.6
* docker-compose >= 1.3
* curl (optional, for running the tests)
* git  (optional, for checking out missing project sources if they are not found)


Setup
-----

All the directories in the projects/ directory correspond to a PLOS project in github. The folder should have the same name as their github project. And those projects should be checked out at the same level as this Dockerfiles project. For example, lets assume you have your git projects checked out like so:

    (workspace)/named-entity.service
    (workspace)/ned-cas
    (workspace)/Dockerfiles

This way (workspace)/Dockerfiles/projects/named-entity.service/ knows where to find the source code.

If you want docker images to build for certain versions of a project, make sure to switch to that branch or tag in the source directory of the project before building the docker images.


Use
---

To build a docker image for a project, run the build script. For example:

    projects/akita/build-image.sh
    projects/named-entity.service/build-image.sh
    projects/ned-cas/build-image.sh

Or build them all with:

    projects/build-all.sh

This will only work for projects you have the source code locally checked out for, but the builder script will do its best to clone git project repos that it needs source code for.

To see a list of sample stacks that combine the use of these images see the configurations/ directory. Here is how you would run one:

    docker-compose -f configurations/akita_nedapi_nedcas.yml up

Now, in the case above you can visit some pages to see they are up:

    http://localhost/registration/new     # Akita registration page:
    http://localhost:1080                 # mailcatcher
    http://localhost:8090/cas/login       # CAS login page


Development/Conventions
-----------------------

For each project the images created for it should be tagged with a version number and with the name of the git branch.

In each image, create a file at /root/version.txt that contains the version number representing the built artifacts. For example, "0.5.0-SNAPSHOT".


Docker Registry
---------------

The Docker registry is a place to host images. Images can be pushed and pulled from our local Docker Registry (2.0). If an image is there you, you can pull from it instead of having to build it.

To use our registry make sure you have configured your Docker daemon such that it can talk to our repo.

As an example, here is how you would pull a stack from the repo:

    ./registry.sh pull_stack configurations/akita_nedapi_nedcas.yml
    docker-compose -f configurations/akita_nedapi_nedcas.yml up

To see the Akita home page, visit:
    http://localhost


Tips
----

Some of our projects make use of PLOS's maven repository, and there is a different route to it if you are in network. New containers copy the host's resolve.conf file into the container. However, in Ubuntu 14, it seems this file is managed differently on the host.

To allow resolve.conf to populate as it used to I had to open
/etc/NetworkManager/NetworkManager.conf

and comment out this line:

    dns=dnsmasq
